I learned the truth as a child and since then have always had the struggle to conduct myself in a way that pleases Jehovah.
I don't find it easy to control my temper or to keep calm.
When I first arrived in this country, a brother treated me in an unkind manner and was not very hospitable.
Because of this, I started feeling resentment toward him.
So much so that when he called me on the phone, I spoke to him very rudely.
My wife had to help me, reminding me that both the brother and I are imperfect and that the feelings I had toward him were not healthy.
During that time I felt awful and really bad about my relationship with Jehovah.
Discipline is never a cause for joy.
And especially when I receive a letter from the branch correcting and counseling me for something I have not been doing right.
It certainly makes me feel uncomfortable.
But I try to reflect on the fact that acting in a cord with Jehovah's wisdom will bring me blessings.
Prayer to Jehovah, Bible principles, and trusting that Jehovah will give me the needed direction has really helped me.
As the Psalms mention, Jehovah is aware that we are dust.
It's as if he were saying to me, son, you make so many mistakes.
But I love you anyway. I can use you in my service and I know that you will succeed.
And of course, it's possible because Jehovah has always helped his servants, all of them, from able down to our day, all of us who are serving him are imperfect people.